Spring and Spring Boot are both Java frameworks that are used to build applications. Think of them as toolkits that help developers build and structure their code in an efficient and scalable way.

### Spring

Spring is a comprehensive framework that provides various modules for building different types of applications. It's like having a giant toolbox with every tool you could possibly need to build anything you want. As we build our Family Cash Card API we will use Spring MVC for the web application, Spring Data for data access, and Spring Security for authentication and authorization.

This versatility comes at a cost. Setting up a Spring application requires a lot of configuration, and developers need to manually configure various components of the framework to get an application up and running.

### Spring Boot

Fortunately, Spring Boot makes working with Spring much simpler. Spring Boot is like a more opinionated version of Spring. It comes with many pre-configured settings and dependencies that are commonly used in Spring applications. This makes it really easy to get started quickly, without having to worry about setting up everything from scratch. Plus, Spring Boot comes with an embedded web server, so you can easily create and deploy web applications without needing an external server.

In summary, Spring is a powerful, comprehensive framework that gives you a lot of flexibility, but can be a bit overwhelming to set up. Spring Boot is a more opinionated, streamlined version of Spring that comes with a lot of built-in features to help you get started quickly and easily.

## Spring's Inversion of Control Container

Spring Boot takes advantage of Spring Core's Inversion of Control (IoC) container. You'll use this feature of Spring extensively while building the Family Cash Card application. There's ample documentation for this concept, but here we'll keep it simple.

Spring Boot allows you to configure how and when dependencies are provided to your application at runtime. This puts you in control of how your application operates in different scenarios.

For example, you might want to use a different database for local development than for your live, public-facing application. Your application code shouldn't care about this distinction; if it did, you'd have to hard-code every possible scenario into your application logic. Instead, Spring Boot allows you to provide an external configuration that specifies how and when such dependencies are used.

Inversion of control is often called dependency injection (DI), though this is not strictly correct. Dependency injection and accompanying frameworks are one way of achieving inversion of control, and Spring developers will often state that dependencies are "injected" into their applications at runtime. We're making this distinction clear because many software languages and frameworks implement IoC, but don't necessarily call it "dependency injection." However, within the Spring community, you'll often hear the terms used interchangeably.

Learn more about Spring's IoC Container in [Spring's official documentation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/reference/core/beans.html).

## Spring Initializr

When starting a new Spring Boot application, Spring Initializr is the recommended first step. You can think of Spring Initializr like a shopping cart for all of the dependencies your application might need. It will quickly and easily generate a complete, ready-to-run Spring Boot application.

In the following lab, we'll use Spring Initializr. The general flow for Spring Initializr is to fill in the metadata, add relevant dependencies, and generate your new project. For the Family Cash Card application, we'll provide all of these instructions.

For the remainder of this course, we'll add onto the Spring Boot application generated by Initializr.
